I'm here for the not assuming the so-stack season.
So later in that, now you know what I've got to go with me,
you're a liar.
Assuming that they did, let's just say it's kind of a McCarthy.
You've got proper conducts on the party
with Chief Council of Articles.
So there's no doubt in your mind for you, England.
Let me say this, Mr. Jenkins.
If I had been invited down as Mr. Coleman then,
to waste a day, then I excluded from the laboratory
as the cabinet for working in.
I would have used language, I think, much, much stronger
than I need to strive here.
And I don't care what he said.
I don't care what he said about time.
It was a growth in self.
It was completely in comfort.
It was unheard of to invite some of the victims
from the administrative system, some of the children
from the administrative system, some of the parties
from the administrative system, my Chief Council,
down the physical laboratories, and then tell them
that they could not go in with them.
Now, I don't know what language he is.
I didn't hear him say he declared one, the Army.
I feel sure he didn't, he isn't the candidate, he didn't.
But no matter what language he is, no matter how strong it was,
I was there two weeks for the occasion.
So you're out of town approved.
Any language that needs to come out of these
on the conditions for the mamas, I'm out for which way.
I know what they are.
I don't ratify or prove anything with the Jenkins.
I say you had a fantastic situation.
And if those people were barred from the laboratories
after being invited down there,
where they didn't use strong language,
I think it is not a subject for sanatorium investigations.
The goal is that he said senator on medication
and addition to the things that I have incorporated
in my hypothetical question,
that I have been afraid for classified information.
I have access to FBI files when I want them.
You're doing this just came by as me,
leaving investigate the heck out of you.
Some of you weren't so drugged,
fighting words of threatening words,
if Mr. Corn did use them.
Mr. Jenkins, I will not speculate.
Not any words of what I'm using.
But if he did use them,
you say his eyes are coming from there,
that you've tried to mismauld or misaffect him.
Mr. Jenkins, the investigation
has nothing to do with the kissing bars before.
Mr. Ardysn, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
What is it you're doing?
I will not mind my feelings.
I will not speculate.
I will not ratify.
I will not talk about.
I will not speculate.
Not any language used by those people
who were barred from the plan.
Did you ever decide senator?
Did you understand this repeat?
Did you ever think of any kind?
Reprimand Mr. Corn.
So anything you might have said
or done on that investigation for months?
No, sir.
No recording on the topic?
I did not.
You heard all about it, sir.
You did not.
You knew all about it before the day, had you?
No, I talked to him about it.
Yes, sir.
I never told you what he said.
No.
He didn't know me yet.
He had remained not a statement.
And the state of the man's home is a gentleman
that said, no, the state of the man.
Senator, when you went to wash your hands,
bring your gifts before the lunchpate,
Mr. Adams and Mr. Corn were there,
and both of them followed you,
since there was room that they did not have had a dime.
And Mr. Corn told you, then,
and I think I had enough to make that so freely, didn't it?
I think I asked Mr. Adams and Mr. Corn to command the left thing.
And Senator, I ask you to didn't the fact
that that's the incident on Mr. Corn's offer
some medication,
where responsible for you is easy
to make the person believe
that you had gone at him, had this got.
No, no, Mr. Duncan.
That nothing you do with it?
Definitely not.
I think I'm a little bit...
Mr. Duncan, the act plan,
the, the menu of the act,
she showed that I was telling,
I don't have it here.
What I saw, it's four, one month before I went there,
I didn't think I was calling off an investigation.
I made a clear over and over and over
that I would not call off the investigation.
Number one, and number two,
I pointed out to Mr. Adams,
and I think he agreed to see him,
I'm not sure,
but it would look that as silly as we thought him in your graph.
Only showing that I told what I had seen
before I got in the Fort Mama,
and we had a very fun bit of discussion,
we gave it.
I told him to Adam that
I was very much impressed by the cooperation
with the law firm of giving,
and there was much in this
thoughts released that I had
could disfelt that I wasn't handling the menu of that
release.
Thank you, Mr. G. G.
here, the Secretary of the Army,
I apologize to Mr. Cohn on that occasion.
No, I don't.
Did you learn that day,
the Secretary actually did that in the presence
of approximately 25 people?
Did I do that?
I thought you were nothing?
I don't think I learned that day,
I think so on the way back,
yes.
Roy, or someone told me that the other
politicized?
It is a politicized.
The Secretary, old enough position,
my father,
I'm Senator,
guilty of nothing though that,
as far as you could see,
call for an apology on the part
of a man in that high position
to your chief counsel,
where he is,
so what was it?
Mr. Johnson and the Secretary,
I think, and I didn't hear it personally,
I think it was more of an explanation,
he had failed to get the
clearance for the people
who invited down the fort
monument, or someone had failed.
I think he was very much embarrassed
by a fact,
by the fact that two centers
had no set of assistance
for bars and the plants
after invited down,
Mr. Cohn was.
I think somebody who saw
that it was an apology,
as it was recited to me,
I would call it more
an explanation,
that he was embarrassed by it,
he felt the situation
should never have occurred,
and that he hoped
it was a whole thing
that he forgot to be
gone as it was.
And Senator, he was
taken as a serve
over the conduct
and the words of your chief counsel.
Well, I think he was,
I think he was more disturbed
than Mr. Jenkins
over the situation.
He and I talked about it
inside the laboratory.
He said that he was
quoting him,
flattering the devil and the eat,
that someone failed
to get clearance
for all those who were
brought down,
and he talked to me,
that he made the wrong decision,
and he should have allowed
them to come in,
because after all,
there was nothing,
of any really toxic
of nature that we saw.
So, what happened?
Well, with the six-year-old
the army,
who really made us,
he called it a
toxic intelligence
there as to
who would have heard
in this day,
highly-spinigal plant,
excelling your chief counsel,
your chief counsel
while your city
did make some statements,
your special man,
who were willing to be
believed,
and which I say
is that a good one
of the knives on Mr. Gold.
Can you take it
with war,
war on the army,
the head cleanse,
did he had access to FBI files,
did they investigate the
Hick out of the army,
and Senator Zahn
has sent us the situation
while that for what
the security has done
or omitted his days
to which allow Mr. Gold
to go on that plan.
He publicly and in
his gentlemanry and humble way,
he either explained
or to use Mr. Adams' words
of public eyes
and to this good day
Senator McKibbie,
who are you?
Mr. Kohn or any member
of your staff has ever
stepped one word
to the thick-gathered army,
in the thinking you were
a great person
to display your pepper.
Now, that's the
thumb and substance
of the occurrence
of October 20th.
Do you want to tell
them something?
So, Mr. Jenkins,
there's a son of a rano
of the Secretary of Span,
there's no recite
and fight of someone
that he regretted very much,
that he hoped it would be
forgotten.
And I think it's
heard forgotten by Mr. Kohn,
by Mr. Rainbow,
by Mr. Jones,
I think it's been
planned.
Now, matter of Mr. Jenkins,
in my opinion,
of no importance at all,
to the case of a mistake
having been made,
an oversight,
an explanation,
some irritations,
and once the explanation was
made, I think
that everyone
could be drunk
with their work was.
The health care of the
workers is making
very, very much
a share of electric
station in the parliament,
committee,
so that the Christ
and the associates
with the Lord,
Mr. Sinclair,
and the staff of the
committee will reassemble
the rooms,
bring the eyes of the
entitlements,
the Italian Richardson
and the Mamonin
and the Panapar.
Thank you very much.